[THEME MUSIC]
>> The 10 energy centers of the
grid of life design are linked
together through pathways, or
we could also call them energy
channels.
There are exactly three
horizontal pathways
just as there are three anchor
points for the astral body.
Seven vertical pathways just as
there are seven anchor points
for the etheric life body.
And 12 diagonal pathways just
as there are 12 anchor points
for the physical body.
This brings us now to
completing the work we began
in our earlier episodes of
constructing the grid of life
design in our own energy field.
First, close your
eyes for just a moment
and use the energy field
awareness practice we discussed
in earlier episodes
to simply tune
in to the feeling of energy
in and around your body.
And to become aware of what your
current level of consciousness
is, what thoughts and
emotions you currently have.
This will provide a baseline
so that you can clearly
observe changes after you
perform the practice which
we are about to do.
You can now open
your eyes and we
will do the practice together.
Previously, we constructed
the first eight centers
of this powerful initiation
pattern and the pathways
connecting them into an
active net or matrix.
We will now activate
the final two centers
and build the last
energy pathways
which complete the grid of life
design in our energy field.
The pattern which can transform
our consciousness and energy,
not only in our
current lifetime,
but into all of our future
spiritual destiny as we
described previously.
Begin by becoming aware of
the centers and pathways
you have already constructed
in your energy body
in the previous episodes.
Become aware of
the middle pillar
centers, the center above your
head, and the heart center.
Connect these two centers
together with a line of light.
Now, become aware of the
right side pillar centers,
the center above
the right shoulder,
the center in the
upper right chest,
and the center in the liver.
Connect these three centers
together with a line of light.
Now, become aware of the
left side pillar centers,
the center above
the left shoulder,
the center in the
upper left chest,
and the center in the spleen.
Connect these three centers
together with a line of light.
Connect the center
above the head
and the two centers
above the shoulders
into a triangle of golden
light surrounding your head.
Then connect in lines
of light, the two
center above your shoulders,
to the heart center
in another triangle of light.
Then connect the two
center in your upper lungs
to the heart center in
another triangle of light.
Then connect the two center
at your liver and spleen
to the heart center in
another triangle of light.
Now, we will add in
the remaining section
of the grid of life design.
Both of the remaining centers
are on the middle pillar.
These centers ground the gold
pattern into our lower body
and thus into the earth
itself to complete
the process of our full physical
incarnation into the body.
Become aware of the energy
you feel at your solar plexus,
not just in the
front of the body
but in the center
of your body also.
Use the zero-point
centering practice
we described in
previous episodes
to move all of your
energy and awareness
into the center of the center of
the center of the solar plexus
until you make contact with
the divine absolute center
of the solar plexus.
As you touch that divine
center of the solar plexus,
then use the radiance technique
that we explored previously
to allow the activated
center of the solar plexus
to radiate out energy
in all directions
into a spherical sun
of light and warmth.
Now that the solar
plexus is activated,
you can connect the
liver and spleen centers
to the solar plexus center
in another triangle of light.
Be aware this triangle is
very shallow in the human body
compared to how
the triangle looks
when seen on the cosmological
diagram of the tree of life.
Now, we will activate our
final grounding center
on the tree of life.
Become aware of a
sphere of energy
in the center of your
lower abdomen, which
holds within it the
area from the top
of the pubic bone
to the perineum
at the base of the trunk.
This sphere of light and
energy holds within it
the genitals and the
base of the spine,
including the entire sacrum.
Note that this
sphere essentially
holds within it both
the sex and the base
chakras from the seven anchor
points of the etheric body.
Now, allow the
solar plexus center
to radiate a line of light
down the middle pillar
to this grounding sphere
of the grid of life design,
activating and energizing
this final center.
Use the zero-point
centering practice
to move all of your
energy and awareness
into the center of the center
of the center of the sphere
of the lower abdomen
until you make contact
with the divine absolute
center of this grounding
and energizing sphere.
When you do, use the
radiance technique
to then radiate out
energy in all directions
into a spherical sun
of light and warmth
that encompasses the
sphere around the genitals,
the base of the
abdomen, and the sacrum.
Now, one last step and the
gold pattern will be completed.
Connect the liver and spleen
center in lines of light
to the grounding base
of the abdomen center,
creating our final triangle of
golden light in the pattern.
And now, also become aware
of your middle pillar
of a continuous line of light
through the absolute center
of your body from the
sphere above your head
to the sphere at your heart
to the sphere of light
and warmth at your
solar plexus, and then
grounding into the sphere
of light and warmth
at the base of the abdomen.
You have now completed
this entire sacred geometry
initiation pattern
which has the potential
through ongoing practices with
it to activate and manifest
your spiritual destiny.
Become aware now of the
total pattern of power
which you have now activated
in your energy system.
The 10 centers which have been
activated into radiating sun
spheres.
These centers are linked through
the complete net pattern,
the three horizontal pathways,
the seven vertical pathways,
and the 12 diagonal pathways.
Take slow deep breaths
and use the vital power
in the breath to activate
the pattern further.
Feel all 10 sun spheres
and 22 energy pathways
increase the intensity of
its warmth and vibration
through using the
power of the breath
to build up their intensity.
In your mind's eye, see the
10 suns and 22 energy pathways
radiate light more
brilliantly with every breath,
becoming incandescent.
Feel that this pattern is
your true spiritual blueprint
around which the physical
and subtle bodies form.
When activated, you will feel
that the grid of life design
is your true
immortal body and you
may lose awareness
of your physical body
as you dwell deeply within the
gold, the grid of life design.
Then with your eyes closed,
use the energy field awareness
practice to just observe the
after effects of this practice
in your energy field.
Ask yourself the
silent question,
how has this practice
structured my body of energy?
How does your
consciousness and energy
feel different after
having done this practice
to activate your spiritual
power and your destiny
through the sacred
geometry pattern?
Then you can open your eyes.
We have in this episode explored
key sacred geometry patterns
linked to our process
of physical incarnation
to help us start the process
of remembering who we are,
how we got here,
and what we're here
to accomplish in this lifetime.
For more information
and advanced practices,
please see my spiritual
science online trainings
on www.vesica.org.
[THEME MUSIC]